DIGEST MOVIE NIGHT KIT
Your own Netflix of free, public-domain movies.

SET IT UP (about 15 minutes)
0. Windows only: Docker Desktop needs a Windows feature called WSL. Open the Start menu,
   type PowerShell, right-click Windows PowerShell and choose "Run as administrator", then type
       wsl --install --no-distribution
   and press Enter. When it finishes, restart your PC. (Skip this on a Mac or Linux.)
1. Install Docker Desktop (free for personal use): https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/
   Open it once and wait until it says "Engine running". You can skip the sign-in.
   If it says "Virtualization support not detected" on Windows, do step 0 first.
2. Put this folder somewhere with plenty of free space. Not inside OneDrive or iCloud,
   or your movies will try to upload.
3. Open settings.txt, pick a password, and save it.
4. Double-click start:
     Windows: start.bat
     Mac:     start.command  (the first time, right-click it and choose Open)
     Linux:   run ./start.sh
   If Windows says it can't verify the publisher, click Run. The start file is plain text: open it in
   Notepad to read exactly what it does.
   The first start takes a few minutes. When it says READY, two pages open in your browser.
   If Windows asks whether Docker may use your network, choose Allow (your TV needs it).

ADD A MOVIE
In Radarr: click Add New, type the title, pick the right YEAR (remakes aren't free),
make sure "Start search" is ticked, and click Add Movie. That's it.

MAKE IT AUTOMATIC (optional)
1. In settings.txt, change MOVIE_LIST=off to MOVIE_LIST=on, save, and double-click start again.
   Radarr now follows the Digest Movie Night list: public-domain films picked for the channel.
   New films on the list land on your wishlist by themselves.
2. The list decides what, tonight decides when. Double-click tonight to download everything
   on your wishlist that's missing, or put it on a schedule so it runs every night:

   Windows: open the Start menu, type Task Scheduler and open it. Click Create Basic Task, name it
     Movie Night, choose Daily, pick 1:00 AM, choose Start a program, click Browse and pick tonight.bat
     in this folder, type scheduled in "Add arguments", and click Finish.
   Mac or Linux: open Terminal in this folder and paste this line (it adds a nightly 1 AM run to cron):
     (crontab -l 2>/dev/null; echo "0 1 * * * /bin/bash \"$PWD/tonight.sh\" scheduled") | crontab -

   Each scheduled run is written to tonight-log.txt in this folder. The computer has to be on (not
   asleep) with Docker Desktop running: in Docker Desktop's Settings, under General, turn on
   starting Docker Desktop when you sign in.

WATCH
On this computer: Jellyfin opens in your browser.
On your TV or phone: install the free Jellyfin app, type the address start showed you,
and sign in with your password.

EVERYDAY
Your movies are in media\movies.
To stop everything, double-click stop. To bring it back, double-click start.

IS THIS LEGAL?
This kit only searches the Internet Archive's feature film collection, and only films
marked public domain. The Movie Night list only includes films checked as public domain in the US. Public domain rules depend on your country; these films are public
domain in the US. Downloading movies you don't have the rights to is illegal in most places.
